Update documentation regarding set-cookie header (#95670)
Azure/azure-content: articles/frontdoor/front-door-caching.md

- Transfer-Encoding
- Accept-Language

## Response headers

> The following response headers will be stripped if the origin response is cacheable e.g. Cache control header has max-age value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following response headers will be stripped if the origin response is cacheable. For example, Cache control header has max-age value.
```
